# ComicReflection

Project Name: Space Mission

For this project, our group made a website that introduces people to the different levels of the sky in the form of interactive comics. In our storyline, you will become an astronaut and be able to see things outside of your window when you are at various levels of the sky. For example, when you are at the stratosphere level, you will be able to see the supersonic military jet and some beautiful weather balloons. The higher up you go into the sky, the darker your environment would be. In your last stop, the galaxy, our environment would turn into complete darkness and you would be able to see stars, spaceships, and satellites that go around the earth. In your journey, you would also face different kinds of challenges, such as engine malfunctions, but you would be able to fix the problems in the end and reach your destination.

In this project, the most important interaction we have in the project is the scrolling of the mouse and the height of the rocket. At the beginning of the website, there is a big button that says “click here to start your journey”. After clicking on the button, the audience would be taken to the last page, and he could control the movement of the rocket simply by scrolling the wheel on the mouse. The rocket would fade out and fade into a new frame when the wheel was scrolled long enough. There would be 6 different levels that are available for the players to explore. 

When our group was making this project, we first focused on the creation of the storyline of the websites. We wanted to have something that is both educational and entertaining. At the same time, we wanted to let our interactions become deeply embedded into the project so that the audience is actually interacting with the project without even realizing it. This is why we decided to use the scroll function as the controller of the climbing of the rocket. After the planning of the storylines, group members were each assigned a specific task. For example, some people were assigned the drawing and searching of SVG pictures, while others were working on the interactions of the web page and the writing of background stories. We then combined our work together and revised it to make the integrations of different parts smooth. We met several problems during the creation process. For example, people might change the frame size when they are working with SVG files on their own computers, but this will distort the quality of the pictures. Also, sometimes people would forget to save the SVG files as artboards so there would always be white margins beside our pictures. Luckily, we were able to figure out the solutions to these problems in the end and make our project intact and beautiful.
